Senpai, want me to model for you?
N-No, thanks.
I prefer drawing still lifes to people.
Senpai, I can help you get a leg up.
W-Wait!
You sh-shouldn't do that kind of thing!
What kind of thing?
Like this?
The swim team wanted me to help out,
so I was seeing if this hand-me-down
swimsuit would fit me.
What were you expecting, Senpai?
You closeted perv!
DON'T TOY WITH ME,
MISS NAGATORO
DON'T TOY WITH ME, MISS NAGATORO
Let's Play Again, Senpai
I was looking forward to
working on my manga at
the family restaurant in peace.
Hurry up, Senpai.
Why does this always happen?
Hurry! Hurry!
You're going to get soaked!
I already am.
Don't mind me.
Go without me.
He's trying to sound tough.
No, it's just...
Why don't we wait out the rain
over there, then?
I'm soaked.
The forecast said it was
supposed to be clear.
It's what they call a
passing shower, I guess.
It should clear up in a bit.
That's true.
Hey, Senpai...
Wait, don't look this way.
Wh-Why not?
Because...
My uniform's really see-through right now.
See... through...
You might be dying to see,
being a closeted perv and all.
No, I won't.
I won't look.
Are you sure?
I-I'm not a closeted perv or anything.
I bet you're going to try to steal glances.
He's going to violate me with his eyes!
I'm not!
Damn it, Nagatoro keeps messing with me.
Wait a second...
Too bad for you!
I was wearing a swimsuit underneath!
That's got to be it.
I know.
By see-through, you mean to your swimsuit!
S-Sorry.
See? I knew you were a closeted perv.
No!
You took a long, hard stare
at my see-through uniform.
I-It was a mistake.
What? What?
I couldn't hear you.
Say it louder, Senpai.
It's going to blow me away!
Are you all right?
S-S-Sorry!
Oh, no!
You saw me again!
You're so horny, Senpai.
It's getting kind of cold.
It doesn't look like it's
going to stop raining.
We might have to run home.
Where do you live, Senpai?
I take a turn at the intersection
and then go through the tunnel.
That's pretty far.
What about you?
Past the convenience store there.
Huh...
That's pretty close.
Hey, Senpai...
Want to stop by my place?
Come in, Senpai.
Th-Thanks for having me.
Welcome home!
Well, well, have you brought a friend?
Not really a friend...
More like a toy.
My, my, what a shabby toy.
I thought you brought home
a scarecrow or something.
He's pretty fun to play with, though.
Wait! Stop!
This is quite a fun toy.
Oh, my, his eye is twitching.
I know, right?
And after that...
See? This toy starts crying.
Sorry to keep you waiting.
What's wrong? You seem really on edge.
N-No, it's nothing.
Um...
What about your family?
No one's home right now.
My whole family's going to be out late today.
I-I see.
Well, come in.
N-No, I'm just going to wait
for the rain to stop.
You're going to catch a
cold if you don't dry off.
That's my big brother's,
so it might be a bit big on you.
You can use this, too.
Right.
Thanks.
Leave your wet clothes there.
I'll run the dryer. It won't take long.
Got it.
Could this be...
the towel that Nagatoro used?!
N-N-No, I...
Too bad!
This is the towel I used.
Enjoy.
Senpai...
You're acting twice as sus as usual.
Is this your first time in a girl's room?
Th-That's a secret.
A secret?!
That's hilarious.
Okay, I have a question for you.
What's the thing guys do when
they're at a girl's place?
Wh-What "thing"?!
What?
S-Study? And stuff?
Study?
We don't even have any tests coming up.
You use your fingers to prod and parry.
Wait, that's...
And then you become vigorously intertwined.
N-No! We can't!
Huh?
I mean this.
What did you think I meant?
Th-That's a secret.
Yeesh, you're such a perv.
So nasty.
Huh...
JusGear, eh?
It's my brother's.
Do you know how to play?
Yeah, I used to play quite a bit.
You're an otaku, so you shouldn't have to
be so awkward if we're just gaming, right?
I'm pretty good at this game.
Take my powerful punch!
Here goes my special punch!
Nothing but a big mouth.
Shoot!
I took the game way too seriously
against an obvious beginner.
Wait a second...
In a sense, this is kind of what Nagatoro's
been doing to me this whole time.
Have some pain for once!
I'll finish you off!
You're mine!
Scrub!
Senpai's a scrub!
That was cheating!
No, it wasn't!
It's a battle strategy!
Let's play some more, Senpai.
Senpai, you pervert!
Senpai's a super scrub in real life, too.
Thanks for having me over today.
You're welcome.
I had f-fun gaming.
Let's play again, Senpai.
I'll destroy you next time, too.
Don't cheat next time.
I know you're really hoping I do,
Senpai, you closeted perv.
I'm n-not!
They're exactly alike...
He looks nothing like him...
Dining Hall
Today Only Gorgeous Karaage Lunch
Over Here, Senpai!
It's been a while since
I came to the dining hall.
I was expecting to eat alone, but...
There's nowhere to sit!
Senpai! Over here!
Come on.
There's a seat next to me.
That's the worst spot ever.
But...
There aren't any other open seats.
I'm going to have to eat
as fast as I can and run.
P-Pardon me.
Your boyfriend?
N-No!
Yup.
We're going steady.
Right, Senpai?
Stop! Don't!
That's hilarious.
So how far have you gotten with her, Paisen?
H-How far? I d-don't know
what you're talking about.
You're all red, Paisen.
Beet red!
Okay...
Want to go out with me, too, then?
S-Stop!
You can totally tell he's a virgin.
You want him to have a girl on the side?
On the side! That's so funny.
So funny.
He doesn't seem like a boyfriend...
So much as a pet.
A pet!
He does kind of seem like a pet.
He's all fluffy and stuff.
Stop it!
Fluffy!
Senpai's head is all sticky.
You don't want to touch it.
Uh... Yeah.
Who are you calling sticky?!
I wash it every day!
Are you sure?
He doesn't even seem like a pet.
He doesn't.
A slave?
A slave!
Slave! Did you hear that, Senpai?
Who are you calling a slave?!
Hurry up and finish eating!
And get back to work for me!
Work!
Man, this is great.
He doesn't fight back at all.
He's not even a slave...
More like a bug?
Seriously, you can't be like that as a guy.
That's taking it too far.
Sorry I dissed your boyfriend.
That's not the point.
Is Nagatoro getting angry on my behalf?
No... No way.
H-Hey...
I-I...
I'm not Nagatoro's boyfriend, but...
That's it?!
You were supposed to say something good.
You had nothing in mind?!
No, well...
I j-just wanted to say I'm not her boyfriend.
You're so funny, Paisen.
So funny.
You never fight back, do you, Senpai?
Huh?
You never have a comeback
when you get dissed.
I-I suppose.
Which is why...
You have to smack them.
By turning it into slapstick,
you can turn a diss into a derp.
You're gross.
Shup!
I don't know if that would work so well.
It will.
Come on.
Stand over there, Senpai.
Thank you! Thank you!
So the other day, there was a scarecrow
standing in the middle of the road.
A comedy sketch?
I thought, why is a scarecrow standing here?
Weird... I wonder why...
So I took a closer look, and...
It wasn't a scarecrow, it was Senpai!
"Who you calling a scarecrow?!"
See? Easy, right?
That's all it takes?
You aren't a comedian. You don't
have to do anything special.
Just go with the flow and give them a slap.
I see.
You're so creepy, Senpai.
So creepy.
Shup!
I think I can fight back a bit.
Okay, let's keep going.
You have to do it yourself this time.
O-Okay.
Thank you! Thank you!
Sorry for calling you creepy earlier, Senpai.
It's fine.
You're not so much creepy as you are funny.
Your hair's funny, too.
It's so fluffy.
Like a sheep that's about
to get eaten by a wolf.
Is it shearing season yet?
Want me to help you?
I'll go through it with electric clippers.
Fluffy, fluffy, buzz!
Come on, Senpai!
Smack me!
Senpai?
Y-You didn't have to take it so far.
Sorry.
What's wrong? Why so pouty?
You are kind of gross, Senpai.
What's this? Are you crying again?
I-I'm not crying.
Come on, the smack!
You have to go at it!
Come on, Senpai!
Shut up!
S-S-S-Sorry!
I-I knew you could do it, Senpai.
But you're supposed to smack here.
Or did you...
hit me there on purpose,
you pervert?
N-No...
C-Come on, that's where you're
supposed to give me a smack.
"Hell, no!"
Spare me, already!
Points of improvement for today!
You said you aren't my boyfriend,
but what are you, then?
Well... friends or something.
Would you look at your friend's underwear,
go to their place, or expect a kiss?
Well...
Would you expect something
sexy from your friends? Well?